todo.md, before:

# To Do #

### GSATF work

0. Possibly: make whole table an editable table, and have hidden checkboxes show up for each element that allows for a footnote to be added.  Possibly could also include hidden controls such as text alignment?  See the xeditable site for details on how to make an editable table with hidden values that show on edit
1. Angular
    1. Add animations between views
2. Gulp
    1. Get unminified js for assets in one place, then bundle with app in 'js' task
    2. Incorporate bootstrap css src and build with SASS
3. css 
    1. Rename css styles for cells to make them more intuitive (e.g. "borderTop" has a border on top)
    2. Adjust colors/theme for app (bootstrap)
5. Finish parser
    1. Parse footnotes on each cell, denoted either by \*1, \*2, \*3 etc or ^1 ^2 ^3 etc
    5. Make "//" an automatic table "Note" (see #12 in booktable.pdf).  Also make "Note:etc." a footnote if row.length == 1
    2. CSS: Add a css.td property.  Include "font-family:sans-serif;font-size:12px;padding:1em 0.5em;".  Apply to ALL CELLS
    3. ~~First column of TDs should be text-align: left, not center~~
    4. ~~make "#" characters comments.~~  
    2. ~~parse headings with sub-headings (e.g. Coords [Lat, Long]) with syntax where [el1, el2, el3] indicates sub-heads~~
    5. ~~add cell padding~~
    6. ~~decrease font size~~
6. Angular xeditable
    2. add ability to adjust text-alignment
        * Note: this will **have** to change the text of the "style" tag.  Classes don't get transferred when copied into a word processor.
    3. Add ability to insert Greek characters into text (?)
    4. Add ability to add footnotes (maybe won't requite xeditable?)
    1. ~~make cell contents editable~~
7. App architecture
    1. Make a demo/how-to view, that walks people through how to work the app
    2. Add support for uploading files
0. ~~change theming for angular xeditable cells~~
0. ~~Extract data and populate `table` varialble, then build html with dynamic injections of `table` properties.  This will allow it to work with angular xeditable~~
0. ~~Add popover to "Upload File" button saying "Coming soon, not currently supported"~~
3. ~~Instead of styling each cell, add generic classes.  This will help with editing individual cells (I think)~~ 
4. ~~In `pages/view2.html`, change "enter different data" to be button at top with "back" icon~~

### Node modules

1. Use node for packages
    1. Angular
    2. Bootstrap
    3. jQuery
    4. sprintf.js (?)
2. Learn how to use Browserify (and Watchify)
    

### ~~Clean up webapp directory~~

1. ~~Remove extraneous files~~
2. ~~Organize `js` folder~~
    * ~~js/app/controller /directives /route /factory~~
    * ~~js/assets (?) e.g. sprint.js, bootstrap, angular, jQuery~~
3. ~~layout project with everything under `src/` directory which is located at root~~
        
### ~~Gulp~~

2. ~~Build complete distribution copy in dist~~
3. ~~Package node modules (e.g. Angular, Bootstrap) into dist~~
4. ~~Adjust index.html paths for scripts and css~~ 
    * Maybe this isn't necessary because I should be coding for the dist version, not the src version?  So, my index.html paths should point to my dist directories, not my src directories or CDNs

5. ~~Make it watch automatically for changes~~

### Git

6. ~~update site with alert regarding changes~~
    * ~~Possibly link to v1.0 repo zip?~~

1. ~~Save copy of python files for my records~~
2. ~~Move `webapp` directory to root~~
3. ~~Create tag for new version 1.9.1 ("alpha" of v2.0)~~
4. ~~Update README.md~~
5. ~~push changes~~
    * ~~push tags!~~

Commit message:

Information about atuomatic header parsing

todo.md, after:

# To Do #

### GSATF work

0. Possibly: make whole table an editable table, and have hidden checkboxes show up for each element that allows for a footnote to be added.  Possibly could also include hidden controls such as text alignment?  See the xeditable site for details on how to make an editable table with hidden values that show on edit
00. In headings, "Location" only takes up one cell and leaves the other one blank.  The second cell is for the second sub-head, but isn't needed in the table.header.heads row.  Find a way to remove this (if present) but skip it if its already been merged in the spreadsheet.
1. Angular
    1. Add animations between views
2. Gulp
    1. Get unminified js for assets in one place, then bundle with app in 'js' task
    2. Incorporate bootstrap css src and build with SASS
3. css 
    1. Rename css styles for cells to make them more intuitive (e.g. "borderTop" has a border on top)
    2. Adjust colors/theme for app (bootstrap)
5. Finish parser
    1. Parse footnotes on each cell, denoted either by \*1, \*2, \*3 etc or ^1 ^2 ^3 etc
    5. Make "//" an automatic table "Note" (see #12 in booktable.pdf).  Also make "Note:etc." a footnote if row.length == 1
    2. CSS: Add a css.td property.  Include "font-family:sans-serif;font-size:12px;padding:1em 0.5em;".  Apply to ALL CELLS
    3. ~~First column of TDs should be text-align: left, not center~~
    4. ~~make "#" characters comments.~~  
    2. ~~parse headings with sub-headings (e.g. Coords [Lat, Long]) with syntax where [el1, el2, el3] indicates sub-heads~~
    5. ~~add cell padding~~
    6. ~~decrease font size~~
6. Angular xeditable
    2. add ability to adjust text-alignment
        * Note: this will **have** to change the text of the "style" tag.  Classes don't get transferred when copied into a word processor.
    3. Add ability to insert Greek characters into text (?)
    4. Add ability to add footnotes (maybe won't requite xeditable?)
    1. ~~make cell contents editable~~
7. App architecture
    1. Make a demo/how-to view, that walks people through how to work the app
    2. Add support for uploading files
0. ~~change theming for angular xeditable cells~~
0. ~~Extract data and populate `table` varialble, then build html with dynamic injections of `table` properties.  This will allow it to work with angular xeditable~~
0. ~~Add popover to "Upload File" button saying "Coming soon, not currently supported"~~
3. ~~Instead of styling each cell, add generic classes.  This will help with editing individual cells (I think)~~ 
4. ~~In `pages/view2.html`, change "enter different data" to be button at top with "back" icon~~

### Node modules

1. Use node for packages
    1. Angular
    2. Bootstrap
    3. jQuery
    4. sprintf.js (?)
2. Learn how to use Browserify (and Watchify)
    

### ~~Clean up webapp directory~~

1. ~~Remove extraneous files~~
2. ~~Organize `js` folder~~
    * ~~js/app/controller /directives /route /factory~~
    * ~~js/assets (?) e.g. sprint.js, bootstrap, angular, jQuery~~
3. ~~layout project with everything under `src/` directory which is located at root~~
        
### ~~Gulp~~

2. ~~Build complete distribution copy in dist~~
3. ~~Package node modules (e.g. Angular, Bootstrap) into dist~~
4. ~~Adjust index.html paths for scripts and css~~ 
    * Maybe this isn't necessary because I should be coding for the dist version, not the src version?  So, my index.html paths should point to my dist directories, not my src directories or CDNs

5. ~~Make it watch automatically for changes~~

### Git

6. ~~update site with alert regarding changes~~
    * ~~Possibly link to v1.0 repo zip?~~

1. ~~Save copy of python files for my records~~
2. ~~Move `webapp` directory to root~~
3. ~~Create tag for new version 1.9.1 ("alpha" of v2.0)~~
4. ~~Update README.md~~
5. ~~push changes~~
    * ~~push tags!~~
